Good day to all and good
welcome to my channel oh well summer
came almost almost all and it
does it mean that September 1 begins soon
learning from schoolchildren and teachers
also I would like you to first of all
wish strength patience and of course
get enough sleep but today I
prepared for you very simple
hairstyle and very easiest just
easiest makeup which i think
approach to school and university
so if you're interested, stay
with me
I start as always with refreshing water
give me fathers we only put on
face
I think that summer sleepless nights are still
We have not yet passed from someone that is why I
I suggest you fix it thanks
concealer more precisely using concealer and i
I take two shades lighter
than the tone of my skin and well under the eyes
if you have oily skin or
combined fat-prone t
I advise you to use the powder
matting powder
which you can apply either to all
whether the face was just over and only if
your powder is transparent but still has
some kind of there don't forget of course
proshka
make your face a week as a rouge
I will use my loved ones for now
moment wounds from benefit in shade
tengri
they are just perfect and it seems for that
the make up will give our forest a shine and
just a little warm up
cheeks
talk about eyebrows next i suggest
if your eyebrows
very very thin if practically
I can not see them slightly paint over
shadows that will be on one literally
shade is lighter than your hair
Further, the eyes I offer in this shade
apply early in the inner corner of the eye
to give your eyes a big
the expressiveness of this shade is not
possess as such a pink hint
or peach ideally does not fit
for a given make up is generally perfect during
all plans
I'm almost at the end I'll take my
my favorite shadows from rimmel in my shade
033 will provide enough of a dark ottenochek
I propose to take this very thin
tassel literally lightly type it
shake very well and that we will
do we slightly paint them not the line
eyelashes to slightly highlight the eye to
it was just visible
further offered me a place like this
that's extreme
I really liked this mascara thanks
her brush
she is very very small at very
thin as you see almost like myself
wand on which it holds and
apply them only on the upper cilia
make-up look very natural
the most natural on the lips and how
sedan carry your favorite she just
balm from nivea fruit shine
wonderful smell of cherries and gives just
the desired hue to the lips and
it should be like to me any
schoolgirls
Here is such a makeup turned out not
It seems to you the most natural
maximum imperceptible and now
get down to the hair
what we did if you have bangs then
I envy you pin up with me like
there are no such stockings but I have these
here and from two sides
hair that can be heard short so I
their laws are just one girls for her i
I take one strand of hair I twist it from
myself
spend all my head
I take again the invisibility and stab
Then I take a bed from this side again.
same spin yourself
strand of hair that we had with this
sides i have her also
I enter into our strand ending it
languages
I take here such a bow
and stabbing
Well, I hope you liked my
version of makeup and hair on September 1
in principle for every school day
I wish you a very, very easy study, I
I wish you all very well
remembered and wants to receive only
good and excellent marks subscribe
on my channel and see you next videos
all have a nice day
because